hey what's up I'm Tony fatso Siciliano
from on the grill radio today we're
going to talk about how to cook beer
brats alright to get started you need 2
ingredients 1 brats 2 beer that's really
about it we're going to focus on the
bratwurst right now brought your soul
there's a lot of fat and brats and
inside that fats a lot of water and as
you cook the brats that water turns the
steam and the problem is a lot of times
on the grill
brats explode and who wants that so what
we're going to do is we're going to par
boil them in the beer for about 15
minutes and then we're going to finish
them on the grill now to let that steam
escape we're just going to take our
forks and put two little holes in each
of the brats this is a hole as big
enough let the steam escape but it's not
going to let the fat and the juices pour
out as we want we don't want that we
want to keep the juices the natural
juices inside the brats because that's
where the flavor comes after we puncture
all of our brats we're going to put them
in a pan of beer and the best part about
this is you can keep it on your grill
the whole thing happens outdoors this
can happen outside roll them over about
halfway through total cooking time of
the parboiling is going to be about 15
minutes all happens outside on your
grill our bratwurst isn't sitting in the
beer now for 15 minutes we flipped it
over now it's ready for the grill we
parboil it to ensure that it's cooked
throughout we don't want to dry out
while they're on the grill we do not
want to overcook them we're going to
cook them over direct heat for about 4
minutes per side just to crisp up the
skin we'll flip them over give them
another 4 minutes they'll be done all
you do after that slap them in a button
put some spicy mustard on them maybe
throw a little bit of sauerkraut on them
and you will have amazing beer brats I'm
25 so Siciliano thanks for watching
to learn more about me go to on the
grill radio.com